So the validation and verification of
sensor fusion system or an autonomous vehicle as a whole is really challenging.
The entire industry is still trying to figure this out.
But there are certain standards that we want to apply.
The straightforward thing is that, of course,
we drive millions of miles,
collect data, annotate it.
We go to test REX,
stage specific corner cases,
basically see what the vehicle is doing,
and adjust our algorithms to handle the case as well.
But then also, we need to actually develop according to standards,
industry standards which means there have to be processes in place.
They are basically, coding rules in place and for everything that can go wrong,
we have to have a safety measure and backup plan, basically.
So the sensor fusion module really interacts with the rest of
the robotic stack in terms of it's right at the core.
So you have upstream,
your perception modules, and downstream,
you're planning modules and you have to be the component that brings everything together.
So you need to understand a lot about perception and how perception algorithms work.
But you also have to understand
the downstream application of what is planning want to do with the data,
how do we want to predict objects into the future.
All of this basically, has to be brought together in the right way and
it really depends on before and after the upstream and downstream,
how you best structure your sensor fusion algorithm.